Day 1:
    Poll 1: T-Cell Classification: Exploring Model Training
        1.  How does changing the validation set percentage change the validation set and validation set accuracies? (Multiple Choice)
            Increasing the validation set percentage increases validation set accuracy.
            Increasing the validation set percentage decreases validation set accuracy.
            Increasing the validation set percentage increases training set accuracy.
            Increasing the validation set percentage decreases training set accuracy.
        2. Which tends to be higher, training set accuracy or validation set accuracy? (Single Choice)
            Training set accuracy tends to be higher.
            Validation set accuracy tends to be higher.

    Poll 2: T-Cell Classification: Exploring the Training and Validation Set
        1. How did your training set accuracy compare to your validation accuracy? (Single Choice)
            Training set accuracy was higher.
            Validation set accuracy was higher.

    Poll 3: Decision Trees: Dataset Performance
        1. How did the classifier perform on the validation data? (Single Choice)
            Worse than the training data
            Better than the training data
            No difference

    Poll 4: Decision Trees: Hyperparameters
        1. Which hyperparameter did you change to improve the performance? (Single Choice)
            Criterion
            Max_depth
            Min_samples_split
            Min_samples_leaf
            Class_weight
Day 2:
    Poll 5:Random Forests: Bias and Variance 1
        1. Does model A or model B fit this data better? (Single Choice)
            Model A
            Model B

    Poll 6:Random Forests: Bias and Variance 2
        1. Does model A or model B fit this data better? (Single Choice)
            Model A
            Model B

    Poll 7: Logit: Linear Seperability
        1. Is the dataset linearly separable? (Single Choice)
            Yes
            No

    Poll 8: Logit: Classifier Choice
        1. Which classifier do you think would work well on this data? (Single Choice)
            Decision Trees
            Random Forests
            Logistic Regression

    Poll 9: Logit: L1 Regularization
    1. At what level of C did the classifier perform the best? (Single Choice)
            0.08
            0.1
            0.2
            0.5
            1.0

    Poll 10: Evaluating a Model: Scenario 1
        1. Which quadrant(s) of the confusion matrix do you think are most important in this scenario? (Multiple Choice)
            True Positive
            True Negative
            False Positive
            False Negative

    Poll 11: Evaluating a Model: Scenario 2
        1. Which quadrant(s) of the confusion matrix do you think are most important in this scenario? (Multiple Choice)
            True Positive
            True Negative
            False Positive
            False Negative
